Leave quickly
We are also here to buy clothes.
Why can't you buy it?
What do you get?
It's to take your poor part-time work money
Or take your husband's brick money?
Don't touch this dress if you can't afford it.
Can you afford it if it gets dirty?
here
It's not a place where scared people like you can come
Leave quickly
Don't affect my business.
Belle Shopping Mall is also a famous old store in Yuncheng
This is how you treat your guests
What attitude do you want as a poor migrant worker?
Hurry up or I'll call security
He works part-time, but you don't?
I think selling high-end clothes here is a high-class person
That's right, working at Bailey's
Identity is nobler than you
It's not like you even carry shoes for me and Han Shao
Neither deserves
Bring me that dress in your hand
Ok Miss Gu
Miss Gu, this dress
It's a new spring model designed by Master Linda.
Cool and breathable
High-end and atmospheric
You deserve it.
As expected of Master Linda's work
The quality is as good as ever.
Do you like it? Buy it if you like it.
Thank you monk
Hmph, then I'll wrap it up for you.
Wait, this dress is what I liked first